Update CHANGELOG for 1.6.0 release (#3921)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.6.0] - 2023-02-28

### Added

- Support for customization of SVID and CA attributes through CredentialComposer plugins (#3819, #3832, #3862, #3869)
- Experimental support to validate container images signatures through sigstore selectors (#3159)
- Published scratch images now support ARM64 architecture (#3607)

> - Published Scratch images are now signed using Sigstore (#3707)

Reviewer: nit: consistent casing.
```suggestion
- Published scratch images are now signed using Sigstore (#3707)
```

# Changelog

## [1.6.0] - 2023-02-28

### Added

- Credential Composer plugins are now supported (#3819, #3832, #3862, #3869)
- K8s workload attestor now can emmit Sigstore selectors (#3159)
- Scratch images now supports arm64 (#3607)
- Scratch images are now signed using Sigstore (#3707)
- `spire-server mint` CLI command now support the `-output` flag (#3800)
- `spire-agent` CLI commands now support the `-output` flag (#3818)

> - Release images now add non-root users and default folders (#3811)

Reviewer: Since we are promoting scratch images as official release images in this release, I think that this PR should be just part of a separate item, maybe something like "Scratch images are now the official release images"

> - Release images now add non-root users and default folders (#3811)

Reviewer: Not strongly preferred but maybe something like this works better to describe what was the previous limitation and what's newly supported in this release:

```suggestion
- Support for users of the release images to run the images as a non-root user (#3811)
```

> - Agent accept bootstrap bundles in SPIFFE format (#3753)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SPIFFE bundle endpoint can now be used as bootstrap bundle by the agent (#3753)
```

### Changed

> - Plugins of the same type now runs in the order they are defined (#3797)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plugins of the same type now run in the order that they are defined in the configuration (#3797)
```

> - Database index for registration entry hint column (#3828)

Reviewer: I don't think that this belongs to the Changed section.
It's really something that's not exposed to users yet. But we can include this saying something like "New hint field in preparation to support SVID labels in SPIRE". That could be in the Added section.

Author: moved to added

> - Database index for registration entry hint column (#3828)

Author: moved, I was not sure either, but looks like added is more natural

- Documentation improvements (#3826, #3842, #3870)

### Fixed

> - Authorization middleware now fail successfully when operation failure happens during retrieving entries (#3842)

Reviewer: PR number doesn't match. Maybe this could also be rephrased:
```suggestion
- Failures during retrieving entries for authorization middleware no longer cause panics (#3829)
```

> - Health check operations no longer logs errors on normal operations (#3786)

Reviewer: I don't think that this should be included in the changelog, because the bug was not present in any release, only for a short period of time in the main branch.
I would just remove this entry.

> - Logs now emits timestamps in local time (#3734)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs now emit timestamps in local system time (#3734)
```

### Removed

- Non-scratch images are no longer published (#3785)

> - k8s-workload-registar is no longer maintained (#3853)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `k8s-workload-registrar` is no longer released and maintained (#3853)
```

> - Database column `x509_svid_ttl` from table `registered_entries`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Database column `x509_svid_ttl` from `registered_entries` table (#3808)
```
